@Natalie I was nervous buying these earrings online but they are really cute! I bought three pairs as Christmas gifts for my sisters so I'm not sure how they hold up. They are very sparkling especially the silver ones. I did get these on sale for Black Friday so I will say that I would absolutely not buy them for their original price. I will say the packaging could be better. The part inside the earring box that holds the earrings is kind of flimsy/ looks cheap however, the box itself is nice. But if you get them on sale it's such a good deal you won't regret it. I know my sisters will love these earrings!
@Gerilyn I AM SO ANGRY!!! Yes, i knew they were plated, but the backs of my earrings have the brass showing through, after 9 days of wearing them! I got them on sale, but i wouldnt recommend anyone buy them for full price!
@priscilla i love love this earrings had them before but lost one so i definitely had to re order a new pair because i love them that much , perfect size, perfect thickness, perfect look from everyday wear, to date night look , my old pair never tarnish and i showed with them sometimes and sleep with them too because they are so comfortable i would forget to take them off. so i can honestly say way worth the 20 dollars ❤️
@Natalie I was nervous buying these earrings online but they are really cute! I bought three pairs as Christmas gifts for my sisters so I'm not sure how they hold up. They are very sparkling especially the silver ones. I did get these on sale for Black Friday so I will say that I would absolutely not buy them for their original price. I will say the packaging could be better. The part inside the earring box that holds the earrings is kind of flimsy/ looks cheap however, the box itself is nice. But if you get them on sale it's such a good deal you won't regret it. I know my sisters will love these earrings!
@Grandmama I bought a pair of these for a gift and liked them so much I bought a second pair for myself. The earrings are the perfect size. Not too big, not too small. The diamonds look sparkly and beautiful. They look very expensive. They come in a Jewler-quality box as well. This is a great gift. Buy one for yourself too!
@Taytay006 I was very pleased with these hoop earrings. They are light weight so they don't pull on your earlobes and still look great. They have a beautiful sparkle to them. To put them on you just pull the hoop open and it clasp shut snuggly so you don't have to worry about them falling out. I really like the size too.
@DonnaR I purchased these during the Black Friday/Cyber Monday event online. I love these earrings they're so beautiful and not heavy either. They came packaged in a pretty little box too. I highly recommend purchasing these they're really nice quality for the price quite a value!
@Laura These were bought as a gift for my daughter. They look very nice and are easy to put on. They seem well made. What I didn't like is the presentation of the item. It was sent in a simple box without insert or description or any kind of information. I think when you offer a piece of jewelry it adds value to a gift. Also there is no markings on the earrings which is not necessary for plated items but helps. My daughter is allergic to some metals and it was in the description that these are hypoallergenic, but again not in the package. So a star off for the presentation since it's a gift.
@Susana It is beautifully made, however didn't like that, it stated no where the precious metals the product was made from. It was not stated on the box, packaging, or jewelry. I guess I'm just used to that on jewelry I've gotten before. It also came in an earring/ring box but both earrings were crudely stuck in the ring slot, instead off placing them each in the earring slots. I fixed the issue, pics below.
@Rebecca The earrings would be beautiful. I received them missing diamonds. The post that goes in your piercing hole is VERY thick. I couldn't get them in my current holes which I have had my ears pierced for 40 years.
@Carolyn They were bent so didn't close right but I was able to bend and make it work but it is already missing a stone and looks like a few others will fall out easily
@Gerilyn I AM SO ANGRY!!! Yes, i knew they were plated, but the backs of my earrings have the brass showing through, after 9 days of wearing them! I got them on sale, but i wouldnt recommend anyone buy them for full price!
@Donna The earrings were difficult to track and them suddenly arrived in my mailbox. Now for me, that wasn't a problem because I have a locked box but of you don't...that could be a problem!!! They come USPS or are good old mail system. I would thing with the value that "THEY" place I them they would send them a more secured way. Now, when I finally got to the very small box I the very big bag it was pretty. The box opens and closes securely and holds closed by magnets. Very cool!! It also says cate
@Cyndi I’m not sure how many of there other reviews are genuine or not, but I can assure you mine is. I got these for myself, on sale for about $15, because my others broke. I wore them every day for nearly 3 years and they were $15 gold hoops from target with a flip-back closure. Took about a week and a half to get to me, that’s fine. In that time I started reading the reviews and wondering if this was a purchase I might soon regret. Today they arrived in a pretty large box for just a pair of earrings, but that’s beside the point. The hoops were loose in the small box under the foam. Both hoops were bent enough that they did not close. The way these operate is the hoop opens at a hinge in the “middle” which should allow the post to click into the...
@ZackRambo I got these for my girl for Christmas. I check the actual cate%26chloe website before purchasing but all the reviews were great so I ordered them and I don't regret it. They are real decent quality. I highly recommend.
@Helen The earrings are beautiful but the posts are TWICE the size of regular earrings so they hurt to put in and keep in your ears! I'm having to return them because of this problem, they are very beautiful but not worth the pain.
@Taylor I wish I would not have even spent the 15$ I did on them. They arrived missing 3 diamonds in one earring. The packaging was horrible. Will not ever buy anything from them again.
@Daryan I love these earrings so much, they are very light weight and cute. My ears are very sensitive to earrings, but these earrings haven't have my ears a problem at all! I got them on sale for $14.99, so get them while they're on sale!
@Melissa I was a little nervous because I got these for 90% off but when they showed up I really regret it that I didn't buy more absolutely gorgeous great material in person
@Melissa Absolutely love the earrings! They are smaller than I expected, but I didn't read the dimensions in the descriptions, so not upset at all. They are so comfortable that I sleep in them!
@Kim Bought as a Christmas gift. Only thing I didn't like was the crystals are set a little deeper than I like. They look great though and definitely well made . Happy I bought them to gift this Christmas.
@Shanon These earrings are absolutely beautiful and light to wear, however the posts are thicker than regular earrings so it takes a bit to get them in. Still super pretty though.
@Natalie I was nervous buying these earrings online but they are really cute! I bought three pairs as Christmas gifts for my sisters so I'm not sure how they hold up. They are very sparkling especially the silver ones. I did get these on sale for Black Friday so I will say that I would absolutely not buy them for their original price. I will say the packaging could be better. The part inside the earring box that holds the earrings is kind of flimsy/ looks cheap however, the box itself is nice. But if you get them on sale it's such a good deal you won't regret it. I know my sisters will love these earrings!
@Gerilyn I AM SO ANGRY!!! Yes, i knew they were plated, but the backs of my earrings have the brass showing through, after 9 days of wearing them! I got them on sale, but i wouldnt recommend anyone buy them for full price!
@Saranwrap The hook part that goes into the ear is flimsy and bends easily. They are pretty in the light and not that heavy. Would not have paid full price for them.
@Cora I love the. So much! The rose gold is beautiful and I just love how the diamonds sit in them. They are so nice I'm thinking of ordering in another color!
@Laura They are larger than I thought but they are very pretty. I like to wear earrings 24/7 and wanted ones that wouldnt hurt my ears. So far so good with these. No ear irritation and I shower with them on.
@OLESIA Sent me used earrings, dirty, with fingerprints and another person's hair. The label was missing. They promised to send another pair, but no one sent anything.
@Janice I saw other reviews and was expecting the earrings get damage early but it didn't happen, I have been using even when I take my everyday bath and they look like new, shine and nice.
@john The item is very disappointing! They missing one of diamond. Its sad. Its birthday present to my niece. Now im gonna buy another earrings. Not here this shop again! Word of advice! Double check your item before u send it! Not satisfied
@Caitlin these were the perfect earrings at first. pretty. and the perfect size. but after about a month of daily use, (i dont wear them in water or bed) the color started to rub off 😞
@Rossana They looks very nice. I recommend it, if you are looking for a nice medium/ small hoops . I recommend it if they put it in a different box because, it looks like it's made for a ring
@Marie I love the earrings. I wear them everyday and even wear them when I go to bed. I've had for almost a month. Good quality, lightweight and they look so pretty!
@Dede I love the sparkle and the rose gold color. The picture makes you think they are bigger than they actually are. A little small for me but I do love them.
@Shaunapie They are beyond beautiful! I LOVE them, light weight, no irritation. I love how they open up. Wish I purchased white gold as well. Best $26 (sale) ever spent!
@Sara They are sturdy, the clamp that closes the earring is fantastic! They don’t wiggle on the clamp or anything. The color is beautiful. Makes me feel all dressed up even if I’m jeans and a sweatshirt. My ears be feeling fineee 😅
@K They are heavy but that's what you get with quality jewelry. Very pretty. Subtle yet elegant. They are also a bit large on the needle and short, so I had to push through my holes on both end before I could get it in, but once again, this is my experience with all expensive jewelry. So I would just take that as a sign it's a good quality product. I have a nickel allergy and these didn't bother me. I'm excited to wear them!
@Bezawit I wish it was bigger. I don't mind paying more for bigger sizes.
@Jana Really disappointed that I can't wear these because they truly are beautiful and I'm fairly picky about my earrings. However, the posts are larger than a normal earring and hurt my ears. I even used triple antibiotic gel on the posts before inserting them and my ears still got soar and knots in them after wearing all day. So very disappointing. I thought about giving them to someone but I bet they'd experience the same issue so I'll have to return them. * The picture shows the earring next to two others I have. The size difference of the posts is noticeable.
@Ivon I loved this earrings. They are really pretty and light weight. I recommend! really good quality too.
@Diana I thought they were bigger but they aren't. They are nice but what I bought for myself is gonna end up being a Christmas gift for one of my daughters
@Momof28s Great quality and price! I have sensitive ears and allergic to nickel, these earrings do not bother my ears at all. Perfect for everyday wear!
@Melinda Love the earrings overall and the design. They don't have much shine but I really like them… especially for the cyber price.
@Momof2 Love how these close. Not too heavy for my ears and pair well with anything. Have recommended them to many coworkers.
@Natalie I was nervous buying these earrings online but they are really cute! I bought three pairs as Christmas gifts for my sisters so I'm not sure how they hold up. They are very sparkling especially the silver ones. I did get these on sale for Black Friday so I will say that I would absolutely not buy them for their original price. I will say the packaging could be better. The part inside the earring box that holds the earrings is kind of flimsy/ looks cheap however, the box itself is nice. But if you get them on sale it's such a good deal you won't regret it. I know my sisters will love these earrings!
@Gerilyn I AM SO ANGRY!!! Yes, i knew they were plated, but the backs of my earrings have the brass showing through, after 9 days of wearing them! I got them on sale, but i wouldnt recommend anyone buy them for full price!
@Heather Beautiful pair of earrings! Exactly as expected and amazing Black Friday price ! Bought my daughters a pair %26 myself.
@Chey1483 I was so excited for these and within 24hrs 2 stones are already missing. Glad I got them for only $15!
@Valencia These earrings are so light weight and a perfect size for me to wear to work. The latch on them is secure. I've gotten so many compliments on them.
@Brittanii The earrings arrived a little faster than expected and the quality of the product is good for the $15 price paid! They're pretty lightweight as well.
@Danielle Bought these as a Christmas gift for my daughter. They are beautiful! Can't wait to see them on her!
@Alejandra It was a good purchase, I love them, they are prettier than the photos, no too big, not too small, they are just perfect to me
@AW This is no expected great like this! That looks expensive and good material. And shiny! ｔｒｕｅｌｙrecommend!
@jacqueline I was so surprised that this was the best Jewerly I've ever purchased on line from Walmart.. I'm ordering more at this price
@Carmex I got an allergic reaction from those earrings. I think more information needs to be given on the material to avoid risks.
@Mel Wow! Just wow! Ladies you're missing out on these beautiful earrings! I have sensitive ears and these do not irritate my ears at all!!
@daileen Their a bit small then expected because I like large hoops but very classy and elegant and strong not easily bendable
@MsTwinn These earrings were cute when I got them but they started to fade I don't recommend buying them
@Jill Gorgeous pair of hoop earrings. Classy
@Evelyn They are just as described, I bought 4 pair. They make perfect gifts.
@Valerie I ordered this in white gold and after receiving them, I ordered another pair in the rose gold. The weight, size, and quality is excellent!!!
@Sharon Very pretty earrings, lightweight. Decided to get these to match the necklace my fiance gave me for Christmas. Very happy of my purchase.
@Sarah One hoop is missing a stone :-( and I dont have time to send it back and have it back by Christmas :-(
@Jonte They are very nice but they did last too long.. having a problem closing one of earrings already and I hasn’t been a full month yet..
@Chrissy Diamonds are set so elegantly I know when I get these as a Christmas gift they will be the bell of the ball
@Shaunnita I like them they are a little bit bigger than I expected but they are beautiful and I hope they don't turn color
@Natalie I was nervous buying these earrings online but they are really cute! I bought three pairs as Christmas gifts for my sisters so I'm not sure how they hold up. They are very sparkling especially the silver ones. I did get these on sale for Black Friday so I will say that I would absolutely not buy them for their original price. I will say the packaging could be better. The part inside the earring box that holds the earrings is kind of flimsy/ looks cheap however, the box itself is nice. But if you get them on sale it's such a good deal you won't regret it. I know my sisters will love these earrings!
@Gerilyn I AM SO ANGRY!!! Yes, i knew they were plated, but the backs of my earrings have the brass showing through, after 9 days of wearing them! I got them on sale, but i wouldnt recommend anyone buy them for full price!
@MissMoe I was amazed how these just as pictured, a nice sized than expected as well! Great compliments too! Can’t beat it for the price.
@Theresa These are beautiful! Such a nice size and I like how they lock so I don't have to worry about losing them by knocking them off my ears!
@Bonnie Beautiful pair of earrings the only thing is one of the stones were crooked I’ve contacted them but I never heard back
@Chrissy The diamond setting against the gold is just absolutely stunning and will make perfect Christmas gifts
@Rebecca Beautiful! Not heavy, I can barley feel them in my ears. A little bigger than I expected, but that's okay, I still love them! :)
@Jack It's not white, gold or anything like that they lie about whatever it is called on the picture. It's false advertisement. The earrings ended up turning brown. I don't know just nobody to buy these earrings.
@Shopperdjehfv These earrings are cute and easy to connect.
@Michelle Great Quality so beautiful
@Laylane It came with a missing stone
@Ludymylla It's perfect! So cute and good quality
@JANAY Lightweight easy install very classy
@Rose This is NOT WHAT I ORDERED.
@Salley Absolutely beautiful. So lightweight perfect closure.
@Jessica These earrings are so beautiful! They shine and sparkle and overall look amazing!!
@Kristle Very beautiful and classy
@Julia They are beautiful and the price was excellent
@Talitha I love them wish I would have got a second Pair❤️
@Joanne Great item for the price, would give them as a gift for sure.
@Lavonne Better than expected. Very elegant.
@GinaG I bought these as a gift for a young lady and was happy with the quality
@Natalie I was nervous buying these earrings online but they are really cute! I bought three pairs as Christmas gifts for my sisters so I'm not sure how they hold up. They are very sparkling especially the silver ones. I did get these on sale for Black Friday so I will say that I would absolutely not buy them for their original price. I will say the packaging could be better. The part inside the earring box that holds the earrings is kind of flimsy/ looks cheap however, the box itself is nice. But if you get them on sale it's such a good deal you won't regret it. I know my sisters will love these earrings!
@Gerilyn I AM SO ANGRY!!! Yes, i knew they were plated, but the backs of my earrings have the brass showing through, after 9 days of wearing them! I got them on sale, but i wouldnt recommend anyone buy them for full price!
@Jen I love the look of the earrings. Just the right amount of sparkle without looking gaudy
@darla Love these earrings! Perfect size
@Dominic Just beautiful 😍 extremely satisfied
@Bri earrings are great, comfortable, easy to put on/off, these are my new everyday earrings.
@Shari Cheap, not as pictured. Broke before i wore them even once.
@Steph Very beautiful just love it
@MP Excellent quality and exceeded my expectations
@Alejandra The earings are increidibly beautiful 😍😍 Love them!
@Sarahs The earrings are cute, I wish they were a little bigger
@bambilynn I purchased a set in the white gold for my bestie last Christmas. Shes NEVER taken them out and they still look GREAT. So I purchased a set in the rose gold to match my rose gold Leo wedding rings. The Color natches perfectly. Thanks. I will definitely be ordering more.
@Lee Very pleased with the quality and look at these earrings! What an awesome price, too!
@Kayami No real gold! I’m very disappointed. I returned!
@Clorissa Great Savings on a Gorgeous pair of Earrings
@Mare very cute, not to big, about the size of a nickel
@Jarrod Beautiful hoop earrings and the price for them was excellent! A wonderful investment.
@Heather The quality of this item did not exceed my expectations. My earrings have tarnished!
@PEDRO Arrives in a pretty box and once opened, reveals a set of beautiful shimmering earrings!
@Brenda Stonebis missing out of one of the ear rings.
@Victoria they are cute but they are much smaller than I expected.
@Dyanna They are bigger than I expected but beautiful!
